# # ProjectQueryParameters

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**status** | **string** | Use drop down and select Status. | [optional]
**system_template** | **bool** | If the project is a template | [optional]
**visible_in_ap** | **bool** | If the project is visible in AP | [optional]
**start_date** | **\DateTime** | Project’s start date | [optional]
**expand_attribute** | **bool** | Expands project atributes | [optional]
**attributes** | **string** | Identifies the attributes | [optional]
**task_status** | **string** | Use drop down and select Status. | [optional]
**task_visible_in_ap** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Supplier ledger | [optional]
**task_visible_in_ar** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Customer ledger | [optional]
**task_visible_in_ca** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Cash management workspace | [optional]
**task_visible_in_cr** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the CRM workspace | [optional]
**task_visible_in_ea** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Expense workspace | [optional]
**task_visible_in_gl** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the General ledger workspace | [optional]
**task_visible_in_in** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Inventory workspace | [optional]
**task_visible_in_po** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Purchases workspace | [optional]
**task_visible_in_so** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Sales workspace | [optional]
**task_visible_in_ta** | **bool** | If the project task is visible in the Time entities workspace | [optional]
**non_project** | **bool** | Set to true to return the non-project. | [optional]
**public_id** | **string** | Identifies the Project by its publicId | [optional]
**restricted_employee** | **string** | ID of the employee where access restrictions apply | [optional]
**restricted_user** | **int** | Id of the odp user where access restrictions apply | [optional]
**last_modified_date_time** | **string** | This value, generated by the system, indicates the last time the record was modified. Use it to retrieve all records that have been modified since that time, up to the present.    Accepted format:  * &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;yyyy-MM-dd&#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  * &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss&#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  * &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss.FFF&#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  * &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss&#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  * &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.FFF&#x60;&#x60;&#x60;    _Note:_ __LastModifiedDateTime__ and __LastModifiedDateTimeCondition__ are __mutually inclusive__. | [optional]
**last_modified_date_time_condition** | **string** | This value represents the condition to be applied when retrieving records.    Accepted values (without the single quotes):  * &#39;&amp;gt;&#39; for greater than  * &#39;&amp;lt;&#39; for less than  * &#39;&amp;gt;&#x3D;&#39; for greater than or equal  * &#39;&amp;lt;&#x3D;&#39; for less than or equal    _Note:_ __LastModifiedDateTime__ and __LastModifiedDateTimeCondition__ are __mutually inclusive__. | [optional]
**created_date_time** | **string** | Creation date and time. | [optional]
**created_date_time_condition** | **string** | System-retrieved information for state/condition | [optional]
**branch** | **string** | The branch name. | [optional]
**on_hold** | **bool** | If the project is on hold | [optional]
**page_number** | **int** | Pagination parameter. Page number. | [optional]
**page_size** | **int** | Pagination parameter. Number of items to be collected.  Please use a page size lower or equal to the allowed max page size which is returned as part of the metadata information.  If requested page size is greater than allowed max page size, request will be limited to max page size. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
