# # ShipmentDto

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**time_stamp** | **string** |  | [optional]
**shipment_number** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipment no &amp;gt; The unique reference number of the document, which is automatically generated by the system. | [optional]
**shipment_type** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Type &amp;gt; The type of the shipment document, which can be one of the following options: Shipment, Transfer. | [optional]
**status** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Status &amp;gt; The status of the document. | [optional]
**hold** | **bool** | The top part &amp;gt; Hold &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that the documents cannot be processed further until the check box is cleared. | [optional]
**operation** | **string** | The top part &amp;gt; Operation &amp;gt; The operation to be performed in the Inventory workspace for this shipment: Issue or Receipt. | [optional]
**shipment_date** | **\DateTime** | Mandatory field: The top part &amp;gt; Shipment date* &amp;gt; The date when the document has been created. | [optional]
**customer** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\CustomerInShipmentDto**](CustomerInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**location** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\LocationInShipmentDto**](LocationInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**from_warehouse** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\FromWarehouseInShipmentDto**](FromWarehouseInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**to_warehouse** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ToWarehouseInShipmentDto**](ToWarehouseInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**currency_id** | **string** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Freight currency &amp;gt; By default, it is the currency of the sales order, but you can change it if needed. | [optional]
**owner** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\OwnerInShipmentDto**](OwnerInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**shipped_quantity** | **float** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipped quantity &amp;gt; The quantity of goods shipped. | [optional]
**shipped_weight** | **float** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipped weight &amp;gt; The weight of the goods shipped. | [optional]
**shipped_volume** | **float** | The top part &amp;gt; Shipped volume &amp;gt; The total volume of the items in the shipment. | [optional]
**packages** | **int** | The top part &amp;gt; Packages &amp;gt; The number of boxes included in this shipment. | [optional]
**packages_weight** | **float** | The top part &amp;gt; Package weight &amp;gt; The total weight of the shipment that includes the weight of boxes (for boxes determined automatically). | [optional]
**packages_volume** | **float** | The top part &amp;gt; Package volume &amp;gt; The total volume of the shipment that includes the volume of boxes (for boxes determined automatically). | [optional]
**control_quantity** | **float** | The top part &amp;gt; Control quantity &amp;gt; The control value, which you manually enter as a value equal to the shipped quantity if the Validate shipment total on confirmation check box has been selected in the Sales orders preferences (SO101000) window. | [optional]
**delivery_address** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\DeliveryAddressInShipmentDto**](DeliveryAddressInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**delivery_contact** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\DeliveryContactInShipmentDto**](DeliveryContactInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**ship_via** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ShipViaInShipmentDto**](ShipViaInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**fob_point** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\FobPointInShipmentDto**](FobPointInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**shipping_terms** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ShippingTermsInShipmentDto**](ShippingTermsInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**shipping_zone** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ShippingZoneInShipmentDto**](ShippingZoneInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**residential_delivery** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Residential delivery &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that the shipping address is a residential one. | [optional]
**saturday_delivery** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Saturday delivery &amp;gt; This check box indicates delivery on saturday. | [optional]
**use_customer_account** | **bool** |  | [optional]
**insurance** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Insurance &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that insurance is required for the shipment. | [optional]
**freight_cost** | **float** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Freight cost &amp;gt; The freight cost of the shipment. | [optional]
**freight_amt** | **float** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Shipping information section &amp;gt; Freight amt. &amp;gt; The amount of freight the customer will be charged for the shipment. | [optional]
**transaction_type** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\TransactionTypeInShipmentDto**](TransactionTypeInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**mode_of_trasport** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ModeOfTrasportInShipmentDto**](ModeOfTrasportInShipmentDto.md) |  | [optional]
**container** | **bool** | Delivery settings tab &amp;gt; Intrastat section &amp;gt; Container &amp;gt; This check box indicates (if selected) that the shipment gets marked as shipped in container for Intrastat reporting purposes. | [optional]
**shipment_detail_lines** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ShipmentDetailLineDto[]**](ShipmentDetailLineDto.md) | Document details tab &amp;gt; | [optional]
**shipment_order_lines** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ShipmentOrderLineDto[]**](ShipmentOrderLineDto.md) | Orders tab &amp;gt; | [optional]
**shipment_package_lines** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PackageDetailLineDto[]**](PackageDetailLineDto.md) | Packages tab &amp;gt; | [optional]
**last_modified_date_time** | **\DateTime** | System generated information. | [optional]
**note** | **string** |  | [optional]
**custom_str1** | **string** | A free custom colum of type string with max length 100. | [optional]
**custom_str2** | **string** | A free custom colum of type string with max length 100. | [optional]
**custom_str3** | **string** | A free custom colum of type string with max length 100. | [optional]
**custom_str4** | **string** | A free custom colum of type string with max length 100. | [optional]
**custom_str5** | **string** | A free custom colum of type string with max length 100. | [optional]
**custom_dec1** | **float** | A free custom colum of type decimal with max 4 decimals. | [optional]
**custom_dec2** | **float** | A free custom colum of type decimal with max 4 decimals. | [optional]
**custom_int1** | **int** | A free custom colum of type int | [optional]
**custom_int2** | **int** | A free custom colum of type int | [optional]
**custom_date_time_utc1** | **\DateTime** | A free custom colum of type DateTime - in UTC timezone | [optional]
**error_info** | **string** |  | [optional]
**metadata** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\MetadataDto**](MetadataDto.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
